(UPBEAT MUSIC
PLAYING ON RADIO)
Titans! Exciting news!
I've just installed a heated
hydrotherapy chamber.
Not exciting, bro.
Would you be more excited,
if I told you it was a...
ALL: Hot tub!
Now, the hydrotherapy chamber
is only for
post training soreness.
Let us do the time
of the party
in a large container
of warm water.
The jets feel like
tiny florthogs
nibbling at your norbobs.
Bubbles.
-Everyone out!
The tub is for...
-Hot tub!
At least you respect
my orders.
Oh, it's not that.
It's not that at all.
It's because I...
...can't enjoy hot tubs!
A robot body is great
for a lot of things.
Looking real shiny.
-Hacking Robin's
very personal data files.
-And being real,
real, real tough.
But enjoying the warm
bubbly embrace
of a hot tub
just isn't one of 'em.
Sometimes, I wish
I was a real boy again.
But I've searched the world
and there's simply
nobody who can...
-Pfft! I can do that.
I can make you human again,
'cause, you know, magic.
Why didn't you ever
say anything before?
Come on, it would take
way too long to list
everything I can do
with magic.
-We want to hear the list.
Fine.
Teleportation,
telekinesis, fly,
read the minds
of animals, see in the dark,
turn water into any other
liquid except
for ginger ale...
...summon meteors,
devour the souls of the wicked
and perfectly
crack open walnuts.
-ALL: Wow!
-Walnuts are hard to open.
Okay, enough yammering.
I got some hot tubbing to do!
Is this going to hurt?
Nope, I won't feel
a thing. Ha!
And you guys
say I'm not funny.
But seriously, this will be
extremely painful.
-Azarath Metrion Zinthos!
CYBORG: The agony!
The agonizing...
The agonizing agony!
Raven, you did it!
I'm human again!
Now, I have to warn you,
your human nervous system
is very sensitive
compared to your robot body.
All I'm hearing is hot tub!
Hot, hot, hot, hot tub!
I'm being cooked alive!
Why was the hot tub so hot?
Because you're human
and humans feel
way more pain than robots.
Yeah, sorry, Cyborg,
but it's... Hang on. Wow!
We can't even call you
Cyborg anymore, can we?
-Yeah, bro.
You're just a fleshy guy now.
Fleshy Guy!
That can be your new name.
Man, I'm so great
at naming things.
I'm not sure I want to be...
-Fleshy Guy.
-The Flesh Guy.
You don't want to be
a Cyborg again, do you?
No, I just have a lot
to learn about being
a real boy, that's all.
That's the spirit, Fleshy Guy.
I'll be your guide
to being a human.
Just follow me.
You still like food?
Well, you're going to love it
even more, Fleshy Guy!
These snacks taste so much
better in my human belly!
That's what I'm saying,
Fleshy Guy.
This is so good!
If you think that's good,
wait till you try this!
Once every 300 years,
all major food groups
align in the cosmos.
Taco, burger, hot dog, pizza,
all coming together as one
to form El Burdigato Supreme!
Oh...
My human belly.
Huh, maybe we overdid it
just a little.
-That's the Burdigato.
CYBORG: Hey, Beasty,
can you come
in here for a second?
Why?
You need help?
What are you doing
with your feet in there?
It's been a while since
I've used one of these, okay!
Great first day, Fleshy Guy.
Isn't being a human awesome?
Why is it so hard
to move my body?
'Cause you're tired, dude.
Happens to all of us.
You just need to recharge
your batteries.
That I can do!
I can see
where you might have
misunderstood me there.
Good morning, the Flesh Guy.
Ah, you decided
to sleep in, huh?
Sleep in?
I barely slept at all.
This human body
just keeps sloshing around
and making weird noises.
Today, I just want to relax
and read comic books.
Ow, what happened?
That is a cut of the paper.
It happens to those of us
without metal hands.
Well, I don't like it.
-Ow!
BEAST BOY: Got to
watch those toes, bro.
What is wrong with your
weird soft bodies?
I can't take this anymore!
I... I can't-I can't...
Poor, the Fleshy Guy.
I feel sad about his sad.
Maybe I should go
check on him.
No, this is
a real boy problem.
It should be handled by...
A real boy!
I just want...
I want my face back...
Hey, is there a real boy
in here that needs
cheering up?
Hey, hey, Fleshy Guy,
being a human boy
isn't that bad, you know.
Are you kidding?
It's horrible!
I can't imagine anybody
living a single day like this.
Oh, right, sorry.
Sure, we humans can't fly
or lift cars or reach
the top shelf
without a step ladder.
I can reach it just fine.
You're short.
Hmm. There are plenty
of really awesome things
about being human.
So go back
to being a robot
if you want, but first,
let me take you
on a Real Boy Adventure.
MAN: Real Boy Adventure!
-That sounds weird.
I don't think so.
* You could wear sweet
pocket protector
* Real Boy
* Walk through
a metal detector
* Real Boy
* You can write
your name in snow
* Real Boy
* Let your finger nails grow
* I'm a boy,
a really real boy
a real cool boy
* I'm a boy,
a really real boy
a real cool boy
* You can catch
an awesome tan
* Real Boy
* Play in a big belly band
* You can dance all night
in the rain
* Real Boy
* Did you know Bruce Wayne
is a real real boy?
And he's the Batman.
* I'm a boy,
a really real boy
a real cool boy
* I'm a boy,
a really real boy
a real cool boy
* Real Boy
Man, I never knew
what I was missing as a robot.
Guess I don't need
these anymore.
Crime alert!
It is coming from...
The yard?
They're trying
to steal our hot tub!
CYBORG:
Drop the hot tub, creeps!
Whoa, Cyborg, what happened?
Cyborg's gone.
I'm Fleshy Guy!
ROBIN: I think
he was talking to me.
Booyah!
Robin, what are you doing?
You heard me, Booyah!
Stop saying my catch phrase!
Sorry, it's my
catch phrase now.
It comes with the suit.
So the Real Boy Adventure,
the song,
was all that just to
get my robot parts?
Uh, yeah.
Why would I ever be human
when I can have rocket boots?
Rocket boots!
Uh, sorry, still working out
some of the bugs.
Now, H.I.V.E, prepare to...
Don't hurt me!
I'm just a weak,
little real boy.
Just like you!
Sorry, babe.
Put some ice on that.
Ha! Whoa!
Ahhh! Too hot!
Too hot hot tub!
Now that's what I call a...
Real Boy Adventure!